hello olive tree sommelier at au
castle today a small situation
we are at the restaurant we must choose the
wines all the decorum of restaurants so
little scenario for you
have a little bit of all the key tools
in hand so as not to stress when
happens any time so delicate go
by car it is gone we called
to the best actors of the place of
paris we left because sir
then first step
the wine list so we say in
signing a restaurant where there is a
sommelier first thing is that all
the wines are good but no problem
they were selected from
hundreds of thousands of wine in the
world
so everything is good you have to have an idea
of the budget we will take knowing that
I give you the techniques used
sommelier who are also sellers there
need to know
often the sommelier audiard thing very
well then you choose your
bottle of red I believe you
have finished proud and very well and done
now you well a white and you
return to your sweet towards your
boss who will necessarily tell you yes yes
and so the art place to get you out
for 50 100 200 euros tomorrow and well
you will put the double so beware
you sommeliers are rites
been dangerous character so then there
chose the white red
if we see things more fruity we
can leave be revealed the loire thing
more creamy a little burgundy in
red
well, there are the classics you can
from on of the Rhone Valley
Bordeaux wines can also be tempted
languedoc 1 in these houses there
will always have very good wines from
languedoc the superb Corbières
surely regions that go up so
not hesitated and at the level of quality
price we will probably be much better
positioned that going on big
burgundy classified grand cru
bourgogne who are very good but who
are expensive so you have to know so you have to
just get an idea of ​​his budget
initially if we do not know how
get advice
we simply call on the summit on
said here I am the sleeve may have
looking for something that would be in this
style there in that spirit and we go up
of 3 ranges which are at the same price
sleep is a month price and we do not have to
say prices ahead of us
invite what would be my faith enough
inelegant so well let's be crazy I
will you take
a corbières sir domain of the
noise then by car
so here we relax and not
problem we ordered we did the most
hard
it will just have to taste it but
there is no problem
perfect parts thank you so there we
just check that the label and
well what we ordered in general at
less than sommelier purpose more than
you there will be no problem is
sir in attack
so that's the idea it's really it
must play down as much as possible
experience that comes with a whole whole
decorum all a splendor here we are
first of all to have a good time
with his guests and not that wine is
anxiety factor care
go go car thank you sir
the idea is that there we are released we are
serve a little bit of wine just for
check who has no problem who has not
of default technically with wine
the idea is not to say no to
raspberries me I am rather to
strawberries
you must not go on
notions of aromas like that it's rather
to see if we have a guy who is
corked if we have a voice that is going to be
oxidized which will be pulled a little bit towards the
vinegar
so we can just feel it
then we can the income is a small
little to really redo out all
its aromas have no problem we have
tasted to make sure no problem if
we have a little doubt
we can go on the retro-olfaction
discreetly brings in some air
in the mouth to really do
bring out all there all the potential
of wine simply I show you so he
this is the discrete not to make any one
tintouin
that's good there no problem we go there so
we never have a problem simply
the idea is to do that with
discretion elegance we always have a
little satisfaction when we spotted a
mac is corked which is a problem
so there's no room for
discussion because otherwise it's there
it's the beginning of the end so simply
we come closer I think the wine a
problem thank you
busy and this is the person from
bring another bottle here do not have
problem the pibal thanks sir
this is happiness this noise so all that
we still have to do it's finally
had a good time
our friends with our colleagues our there
but there is no problem I want
toast your health
hoping that this little clip with
actors again not piqued
chafer will have allowed you to
dramatize this experience a little bit
which is primarily intended to be a great
pleasure
I wish a very beautiful day I
tell you very soon about the castle
points like bone like olive tree was pulling
castle points like happiness or